what's up we're here rock world training
facility and Robbie Maddison I'm here on
a pretty detailed workout trying to
rehab a lot of the injuries that I've
I've had going on in the last 12 months
so today we're working on grip strength
and a lot of the workouts is also tiny
core this is kind of a modified
kettlebell row that we're doing here
where we're really using a lot of core
to help stabilize your body 8 to 12
right in there nice and smooth
core on the block is you main stabilizer
and the grip strength for me is really
important just coming back from having
such a big break I really realize
especially riding the 450 on the
motocross track just arms are pumping up
I'm weak so that because I'm weak and
holding on a lot tighter and holding on
a lot tighter is what's blowing my arms
up so if I can be strong and more
confident and not have to hold so tight
well then I'm not you know using that
muscle group so much and I should be
able to sustain a workout on the block
for a lot longer we're using the rope
for grip strength instead of just
holding onto the bar this is going to be
a bit more difficult to Livan do
especially with our slow movements and
the time on your finishing that we're
going to be on and then we're going to
be throwing our feet up we're going to
just use the tire it's here pull that
thing up and then we're basically in a
sense we're doing a pull up like you
would using before on the wall but
because there peter up it's going to
just lighten some of your body weight
nice and smooth
today we're doing grip strength is a key
thing
core stability for the bigger jump city
jumps and then also what we're doing is
obviously the size building and if we're
going much more than about 45 minutes of
actual strength like weight lifting we
start going a bit catabolic meaning your
body's got no more fuel to really run on
flexor says here's a bent bar oh we're
actually modifying it a bit we're using
a towel it's going to really help with
grip strength because you got a hold on
tight so that thing doesn't slip out
your hand we're doing real slow
movements to help with that size
building and strength that matter needs
and as well as a grip strength that you
know we're trying to achieve and if we
go fast it's just going to be easy so we
gotta just make sure we get slow to
really fire those muscles and get that
Mouse building going let's go all right
he goes way up how's the competition
yeah now right grip it low yeah there
you go
there it is right there
what we're going to do on this one I
need you to just kind of sit not at the
top so we fall back but kind of sit
towards the top front of it and we'll
have the ball right at our chest we're
going to actually go all the way back
and we'll crunch up but as we crunch up
again slow movement as we crunch up
we're going to press up so we're going
to get kind of the front of the delts
all the way up there you go
he's got good form - doing good link one
more nice
last exercise that we got today we're
going to be doing front shoulder raises
working on the front delt it'll also get
kind of the side delts as well but we're
gonna hop on the Endo's again working on
core stability and balance he's actually
couple of them are going to be using
dumbbells to do it which is a great way
to do it
Robbie's going to be using actually a
weight to put on the Olympic bar because
you're gonna have to grip the sides
pretty tight again grip strength what
we're working today so it's what we're
gonna be doing workout today was great
you know it's always fun coming here to
rock off a city great guys in Thailand
and Jonny couch and you know it's just a
good atmosphere in here to training it's
a great facility it's huge
all state the art equipment nice and
clean there's plenty of room and these
guys kind of like to keep it specific
and it's because they're here all day I
think it just works my schedule a lot
better you know we're we're right on
track and I got another three weeks of
training before my next big jump and I
think where I could do it today so the
next three weeks is just bonus time for
us I'm super stoked another great
workout and I'll be back here the next
five days of the weekend and just keep
charging